[docs-only] Explain tus upload metadata for client implementations (#7882)
owncloud/ocis: docs/apis/http/tus_upload.md

tus ensures that uploads can be resumed from the point of failure without losing data.
This documentation shows some basic examples, refer [tus official site](https://tus.io/protocols/resumable-upload) for more details.

## Supported tus Features

> The backend announces certain tus features to clients. WebDAV responses come with tus HTTP headers for the offical tus features, and additional, ownCloud specific features are announced via the capabilities endpoint (e.g. `https://localhost:9200/ocs/v1.php/cloud/capabilities?format=json`).

Reviewer: The WebDAV response headers are mentioned here. Which WebDAV calls return them, and which headers are this and what do they mean?

If you do not want to answer that here, I would not mention these headers at all.

Author: We link to the tus docs in the paragraph above. Explanation there…

> 

Reviewer: Make it a bit more explicit and write: _"The following snippet shows the relevant part of the server capabilities of Infinite Scale that concerns the tus upload:"_

```json
{
  "ocs": {
    "data": {
      "capabilities": {
        "files": {
          "tus_support": {
              "version": "1.0.0",
              "resumable": "1.0.0",
              "extension": "creation,creation-with-upload",
              "max_chunk_size": 10000000,
              "http_method_override": ""
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

| Parameter      | Environment Variable           | Default Value | Description                                                         |
| -------------- | ------------------------------ | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | max_chunk_size | FRONTEND_UPLOAD_MAX_CHUNK_SIZE | 10000000      | Announces the max chunk sizes in bytes for uploads via the clients. |

Reviewer: Where is the environement variable relevant? To set the default for the capabilities, or at the desktop client for example?

{{< hint type=warning title="Important Warning" >}}

> `Upload-Length` header should contain the exact byte as upload content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Upload-Length` header of the request has to contain the exact size of the upload content in byte.
```

| `uploadId`                       | 71d5f878-a96c-4d7b-9627-658d782c93d7                                                                                                            | Sent by the web UI                                                                                  |
| `topLevelFolderId`               | undefined                                                                                                                                       | Sent by the web UI                                                                                  |
| `routeName`                      | files-spaces-generic                                                                                                                            | Sent by the web UI                                                                                  |
| `routeDriveAliasAndItem`         | cGVyc29uYWwvYWRtaW4=                                                                                                                            | Sent by the web UI                                                                                  |

> | `routeShareId`                   |                                                                                                                                                 | Share ID when uploading into a received folder share. Sent by the web UI                            |

Reviewer: Actually the whole "Sent by the web UI" comments should also explain what the items means, and why they are sent.

Author: @JammingBen could you elaborate or remove them if you think they're not relevant.

This is @JammingBen 's previous statement:

> Web needs this information so it can correctly display and resole into uploaded files and folders after a finished upload. The easiest way to achieve this was to simply put all that information into metadata because Web can still retrieve that information after uploading.
> 
> I don't know if the server is doing anything with all that information, my guess would be no. Also, other clients probably don't need all that stuff.

| filename (mandatory)   | example.pdf                                                                                                                                          | Filename                                  |
| mtime (recommended)    | 1701708712                                                                                                                                           | Modification time (Unix time format)      |
| checksum (recommended) | SHA1 a330de5886e5a92d78fb3f8d59fe469857759e72                                                                                                        | Checksum, computed from the client        |
| name                   | example.pdf                                                                                                                                          | Alternate name sent by the web UI         |
| type                   | application/pdf                                                                                                                                      | MIME Type, sent by the web UI             |

> | filetype               | application/pdf                                                                                                                                      | MIME Type, sent by the web UI             |

Author: @JammingBen @kobergj could you help? ⬆️

> | filetype               | application/pdf                                                                                                                                      | MIME Type, sent by the web UI             |

Author: @TheOneRing should native clients switch to `name` and deprecate `filename`? Or document as alias, and it doesn't matter what clients send…

(`filetype`, `type` isn't used anyway in the other clients?)

| tusEndpoint            | https://ocis.ocis-traefik.latest.owncloud.works/remote.php/dav/spaces/8748cddf-66b7-4b85-91a7-e6d08d8e1639$a9778d63-21e7-4d92-9b47-1b81144b9993      | Sent by the web UI                        |
| uploadId               | 71d5f878-a96c-4d7b-9627-658d782c93d7                                                                                                                 | Sent by the web UI                        |
| topLevelFolderId       | undefined                                                                                                                                            | Sent by the web UI                        |
| routeName              | files-spaces-generic                                                                                                                                 | Sent by the web UI                        |
| routeDriveAliasAndItem | cGVyc29uYWwvYWRtaW4=                                                                                                                                 | Sent by the web UI                        |

> | routeShareId           |                                                                                                                                                      | Key sent by the web UI, but without value |

Reviewer 2: It only has a value when you upload something into a folder that has been shared with you. Web (currently) needs this ID to correctly resolve into the folder after the upload is finished.
